STEP 1
Soak 300g basmati rice in warm water, then wash in cold until the water runs clear.

STEP 2
Heat 25g butter in a saucepan and cook 1 finely sliced large onion with 1 bay leaf, 3 cardamom pods and 1 small cinnamon stick for 10 mins.

STEP 3
Sprinkle in 1 tsp turmeric, then add 4 chicken breasts, cut into large chunks, and 4 tbsp curry paste. Cook until aromatic.

STEP 4
Stir the rice into the pan with 85g raisins, then pour over 850ml chicken stock.

STEP 5
Place a tight-fitting lid on the pan and bring to a hard boil, then lower the heat to a minimum and cook the rice for another 5 mins.

STEP 6
Turn off the heat and leave for 10 mins. Stir well, mixing through 15g chopped coriander. To serve, scatter over the leaves of the remaining 15g coriander and 2 tbsp toasted almonds.

RECIPE TIPS
LEFT OVER RICE
The next day, enjoy a Coronation chicken rice salad for lunch. Mix the cold rice with mayonnaise and a squeeze of lemon juice and serve with Baby Gem leaves and sliced cucumber.
GOES WELL WITH
Squash & coconut curry
Recipe from Good Food magazine, September 2007

More from around the web
Promoted stories by
One-pot recipesOne-pot recipes
One-pot recipes
BBC Good Food
One-pot chicken pilafOne-pot chicken pilaf
One-pot chicken pilaf
BBC Good Food
Most Popular
1/5
Begravelser | Søgeannoncer
Comments, questions and tips (490)
Rate this recipe
What is your star rating out of 5?1 star out of 5
2 stars out of 5
3 stars out of 5
4 stars out of 5
5 stars out of 5
Choose the type of message you'd like to post
Choose the type of message you'd like to post

Comment

Question

Tip
Overall rating
A star rating of 4.7 out of 5.
701 ratings
thetaylorclan2LDpdNbtY
3 weeks ago
Tremendous!! My missus said it was too warm, but I went a bit mad with the Balti paste 😀👍😀

darkangelluffShHrr69W
3 weeks ago
I've made this recipe a few times now and always get brilliant results. I sub the chicken and stock for vegan alternatives, some times add extra veg such as pepper or green beans and make my own paste out of tomato puree, water and curry powder (usually a korma blend). I find the instructions easy… 

sc.west66Blf7amVr
4 weeks ago
Poor recipe how long to soak rice doesn't say how long to cook for doesn't say its about as authentic as a Indians flip flop give it a swerve

spiderman-deceyVYYOt6
2 months ago
Question
I'm making this for 8; how much of each ingredient would I need, would everything be doubled? Thank you.

This has been removed
